[FEATURE] Add Golang SDK support for `percli dac build` (#1746)
perses/perses: docs/user-guides/dashboard-as-code.md

#### 2. Retrieve the CUE sources from Perses

Ideally we should rely on a native dependency management here, but since it's not yet available for CUE as already mentioned, we provide in the meantime a dedicated CLI command `dac setup` in order to add the CUE sources from Perses as external dependencies to your repo:

```
percli dac setup --version 0.42.1
```

You can omit the version flag if you are connected to a Perses server (it will retrieve its version). Otherwise, unless you have a specific case, better to pass the latest version available.

### Develop dashboards

You are now fully ready to start developping dashboards as code!

It's first strongly recommended to ramp up on CUE if you are not familiar with this technology. For this have a look at:
- The [official website](https://cuelang.org/) of Cuelang.
- [Cuetorials](https://cuetorials.com/), a 3rd party source of information that is a very good complement.

> Then, you can check an example of DaC usage [here](../../internal/test/dac/input.cue). This example is heavily relying on the DaC utilities we provide. To get a deeper understanding of the Go SDK and how to use it, the best thing to do for now is to check directly its source code.

Reviewer: wrong paragraph replaced ;)

> Anytime you want to build the final dashboard definition (i.e Perses dashboard in JSON or YAML format) corresponding to your as-code definition, you can use the `dac build` command, as the following:

Reviewer: the `dac build` part here could be removed and factorize with the Go one below, as it's exactly the same. Only the example differ, and you could put an example of each in the same code block

> Anytime you want to build the final dashboard definition (i.e Perses dashboard in JSON or YAML format) corresponding to your as-code definition, you can use the `dac build` command, as the following:

Reviewer: the `dac build` part here could be removed and factorize with the Go one below, as it's exactly the same. Only the example differ, and you could put an example of each in the same code block

> [!NOTE]
> the `-o` (alternatively '--output') flag is optional (the default output format is YAML).

> ## Getting started with Go SDK

Reviewer: imho it's weird to have at same level
- get started with cue
- develop dashboards
- get started with go
- develop dashboards

We should have
- cue
  - get started
  - develop dashboards
- go
  - get started
  - develop dashboards

-> maybe worth having 2 different files then. As you prefer.

Author: I moved to:
```
## Getting Started With Cue
### Prerequisites
### Develop dashboards

## Getting Started With Go
### Prerequisites
### Develop dashboards
```

### Prerequisites

- `percli`, the [CLI of Perses](../tooling/cli.md).
- `go`, the [programming language](https://go.dev/).

### Repository setup

Create a new folder that will become your DaC repository, then follow the steps below:

#### 1. Initialize the Go module

```

> go mod init <module name>

Reviewer 2: that's something that the command `percli dac setup` could handle.

Reviewer: there's the same step on the CUE side (cue.mod), imho in that case we should include mod file generation either in none or both.

```
See the [Go documentation](https://go.dev/doc/tutorial/create-module) for more information about this step.

> #### 2.Install the Perses SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 2. Install the Perses SDK
```

```
go get github.com/perses/perses
```

If you need a specific version, you can specify it as follows:

```
go get github.com/perses/perses v0.43.0
```

## Develop dashboards

You are now fully ready to start developing dashboards as code!

It's first strongly recommended to ramp up on Go if you are not familiar with this technology. For this have a look at:
- The [official website](https://go.dev/) of Go.

> Then, you can check an example of DaC usage [here](../../internal/cli/cmd/dac/build/testdata_go/main.go). This example is heavily relying on the SDK utilities we provide. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, you can check an example of DaC usage [here](../../internal/cli/cmd/dac/build/testdata_go/main.go).
```

-> the second sentence makes sense in the case of CUE because you are not obliged to use the DaC "builder" utilities provided, but it's not the case here.

Author: You can still create dashboards / resources using only Go constructor
```
v1.Dashboard{...}
```

Reviewer: Ah indeed, nvm then

> To get a deeper understanding of these libs and how to use them, the best thing to do for now is to check directly their source code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get a deeper understanding of the Go SDK and how to use it, the best thing to do for now is to check directly its source code.
```

All the SDK utilities are located in the `github.com/perses/perses/go-sdk` package.

> Do not log / print on the standard stdout, it will broke the output of the `dac build` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!WARNING]  
> Do not log / print on the standard stdout! It would break the output of the `dac build` command.
```

	"github.com/perses/perses/go-sdk/row"

	timeSeriesPanel "github.com/perses/perses/go-sdk/panel/time-series"
	promDs "github.com/perses/perses/go-sdk/prometheus/datasource"
	labelValuesVar "github.com/perses/perses/go-sdk/prometheus/variable/label-values"
	listVar "github.com/perses/perses/go-sdk/variable/list-variable"
)

func main() {
	builder, buildErr := dashboard.New("ContainersMonitoring",
		dashboard.ProjectName("MyProject"),

		dashboard.AddVariable("stack",
			listVar.List(
				labelValuesVar.PrometheusLabelValues("paas",
					labelValuesVar.Matchers("thanos_build_info{}"),
					labelValuesVar.Datasource("promDemo"),
				),
				listVar.DisplayName("My Super PaaS"),
			),
		),

		dashboard.AddRow("Resource usage",
			row.PanelsPerLine(3),
			row.Panel("Container memory",
				timeSeriesPanel.Chart(),
				panel.AddQuery(
					query.PromQL("max by (container) (container_memory_rss{paas=\"$paas\",namespace=\"$namespace\",pod=\"$pod\",container=\"$container\"})"),
				),
			),
		),

		dashboard.AddDatasource("promDemo", promDs.Prometheus(promDs.HTTPProxy("https://demo.prometheus.com"))),
	)
	sdk.ExecuteDashboard(builder, buildErr)
}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Build dashboards
```

Anytime you want to build the final dashboard definition (i.e: Perses dashboard in JSON or YAML format) corresponding to your as-code definition, you can use the `dac build` command, as the following:

```

> percli dac build main.go -ojson

Reviewer: ```suggestion
percli dac build main.go -ojson
percli dac build my_dashboard.cue -ojson
```
